extractor: Use -mod=vendor when a vendor directory exists (#54)
github/codeql-go: change-notes/1.24/extractor-go.md

* The autobuilder now runs Makefiles or custom build scripts present in the codebase to install dependencies.
* The extractor now supports extracting go.mod files, enabling queries on dependencies and their versions.

> * The extractor now attempts to automatically detect when a dependencies have been vendored and use `-mod=vendor` appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The autobuilder now attempts to automatically detect when dependencies have been vendored and use `-mod=vendor` appropriately.
```
